Source : napriklad
Target : for example
Predicted : example example

Source : komentare
Target : comments
Predicted : 

Source : tabulka .
Target : table .
Predicted : table

Source : priklad .
Target : example .
Predicted : 

Source : argumenty funkci
Target : function arguments
Predicted : function

Source : ukazka arsort
Target : sample arsort
Predicted : 

Source : obecne informace
Target : general information
Predicted : common

Source : ? ?
Target : ? ?
Predicted : ? ?

Source : minutes minuty
Target : minutes
Predicted : . . .

Source : kapitola .
Target : chapter .
Predicted : . . chapter

Source : priklad bzwrite
Target : example bzwrite
Predicted : example

Source : manual php
Target : php manual
Predicted : php php php php php

Source : e error
Target : e error
Predicted : error error

Source : ukazka array slice
Target : array slice sample
Predicted : 
Source : php a com
Target : php and com
Predicted : php php php php php

Source : ukazka array values
Target : sample array values
Predicted : array sample sample sample sample array

Source : tabulka h .
Target : table h .
Predicted : table table table

Source : seznam aliasu funkci
Target : list of function aliases
Predicted : of of

Source : tipy a triky
Target : tips and tricks
Predicted : and

Source : posledni den mesice
Target : the last day of the month
Predicted : the the the

Source : http env vars
Target : http env vars
Predicted : http

Source : priklad . bzdecompress
Target : example . bzdecompress
Predicted : example . . example

Source : priloha k .
Target : attachment to .
Predicted : to email email

Source : xpath eval expression
Target : xpath eval expression
Predicted : 

Source : m mesic az
Target : m month to
Predicted : 

Source : ukazka in array
Target : example in array
Predicted : 

Source : ukazka chunk split
Target : sample chunk split
Predicted : array sample

Source : serializace jedine hodnoty
Target : serialization of a single value
Predicted : of of expression

Source : php a html
Target : php and html
Predicted : and php and php php php and

Source : viz take basename
Target : see also basename
Predicted : also

Source : mysql typy sloupcu
Target : mysql column types
Predicted : mysql

Source : echo a a
Target : echo a a
Predicted : a a a a a

Source : viz take bcadd .
Target : see also bcadd .
Predicted : . also . . . also .

Source : priklad . floor example
Target : example . floor example
Predicted : . . . example .

Source : ukazka sprintf formatting currency
Target : sample sprintf formatting currency
Predicted : y

Source : delam salek espressa .
Target : i make a cup of espresso .
Predicted : of of a a of a

Source : puvodni znak v retezci
Target : original character in string
Predicted : characters as

Source : co znamena zkratka php ?
Target : what does php stand for ?
Predicted : ? ? ? ? php

Source : h hodina hodinovy format az
Target : h hour hour format to
Predicted : hour hour hour

Source : viz take openssl seal .
Target : see also openssl seal .
Predicted : also also see also also also also also also

Source : priklady najdete v dokumentaci .
Target : see the documentation for examples .
Predicted : see see . . for . see for

Source : vraci pole odstranenych prvku .
Target : returns an array of deleted elements .
Predicted : an an an returns an

Source : viz take easter date .
Target : see also easter date .
Predicted : see . also also also see see

Source : priklad . array fill example
Target : example . array fill example
Predicted : . . example example

Source : rok je mezi a vcetne
Target : year is between and inclusive
Predicted : and calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar is calendar

Source : priklad . test script .php
Target : example . test script .php
Predicted : put closing put memory put put

Source : musite je upravit rucne .
Target : you must edit them manually .
Predicted : you don . you you you .

Source : priklad . exif thumbnail example
Target : example . exif thumbnail example
Predicted : example example example .

Source : viz take pdf set font .
Target : see also pdf set font .
Predicted : see also pdf .

Source : toto je alias k current .
Target : this is an alias to current .
Predicted : . this is an this this alias . .

Source : priklad . mcrypt list algorithms example
Target : example . mcrypt list algorithms example
Predicted : 

Source : pri vyskytu chyby vraci false .
Target : returns false when an error occurs .
Predicted : error false false false false . false .

Source : priklad . printer get option example
Target : example . printer get option example
Predicted : example .

Source : vraci retezec bez odstranenych zpetnych lomitek .
Target : returns a string without backslashes removed .
Predicted : returns string a returns string string string a a string string a a

Source : vice informaci viz funkce pro obsluhu sessions .
Target : for more information see sessions handler functions .
Predicted : see for see see for for see see for . for see .

Source : poznamka db conflicts with db and db .
Target : note that db conflicts with db and db .
Predicted : db and and db and . and . db and and and and and

Source : prevadi julian day count na idovsky kalendar .
Target : converts julian day count to jewish calendar .
Predicted : calendar calendar calendar julian calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar calendar

Source : viz . take mysql connect a mysql pconnect .
Target : see . also mysql connect and mysql pconnect .
Predicted : mysql mysql . mysql mysql mysql mysql mysql mysql . see also mysql also also mysql

Source : neni li parametr spojeni uveden pouzije posledne otevrene spojeni .
Target : if no connection parameter is specified it uses the last opened connection .
Predicted : connection if connection is the the is if connection connection connection is connection the connection connection the
ene tabulky .

Source : funkce pdf set border style funkce pdf set border style function sets the style and width of the suroundig box of links and annotations .
Target : function pdf set border style function pdf set border style function sets the style and width of the suroundig box of links and annotations .
Predicted : pdf function function of function function function function function function function function function function function function of function sets function function function function function

Source : vetsina vnitrnich funkci byla prepsana tak aby vracela true v pripade uspechu a false pri selhani narozdil od puvodnich hodnot a v php fi . .
Target : most internal functions have been rewritten to return true on success and false on failure unlike the original values of and in php fi . .
Predicted : and and and and . and . and and . . . and and and . and . and and . and . and and . and . . and and and . and . and

Source : opet se mohou vyskytnout problemy s existujicim kodem ale stare chovani bylo tak tezko pochopitelne ze si zaslouzilo zmenu aby se zabranilo dalsim problemum v budoucnosti .
Target : again there may be problems with existing code but the old behavior was so difficult to understand that it deserved a change to avoid further problems in the future .
Predicted : to that it . the it the to the to the to to to the to to the to the the the the the to to it to it to the to the

Source : php se pokusi provest obsah uzavreny mezi temito znaky jako prikaz shellu vystup je vracen tzn . nebude pouze vypsan na vystupu muze byt prirazen promenne .
Target : php will try to execute content enclosed between these characters as a shell command the output is returned ie it will not only be listed on the outputs can be assigned to a variable .
Predicted : it be be the a the a a be be be the it the a the be to be be be be be be be be the be the be

##########TOTAL BLEU SCORE : 6.259015428948904